1. what is SDLC

Software development Life cycle is the process that broadly classifies as Design, Developement and testing that helps to build a software
where the different phases includes # requirement gathering          
                                    # Planning 
                                    # Analysis
                                    # Design
                                    # Implememtation
                                    # Testing
                                    # Deployement
                                    # maintanace

 
2. What is Agile and Scrum

        Agile: Agile methodology is a practice that helps continuous iteration of SDLC life cycle.
               Agile breaks the product into smaller builds.      
        Scrum: Scrum framework in Agile is a process that allows software development teams to focus on delivering business values 
               in shortest time by rapidly and repeatedly inspecting changing requirements  
               It is a iteration of Plan-->Build-->test-->reciew.

3. what is DevOps      

   Devops is the combination of Software developement and IT Operations taht improves the quality and speed of an app delivery. 

4. Devops life cycle:   
  It includes contineous integration, contineous Deployement,Automation and App management.
  
5.Diiferent Service models and deployement models
  
  Any Cloud platform(AWS/Azure/GCP) includes service models-- Iaas- Infrastructure as a service
                                                              Pass- Platform as a service
                                                              Saas- software as a service
 cloud deployement models includes: 1. Public Cloud 
                                    The public cloud makes it possible for anybody to access systems and services.
                                    It is a type of cloud hosting that allows customers and users to easily access systems and services
                                    Ex. Google cloud for storage
 2. Private cloud; Private cloud is which can be accessed by a single user or entity. It’s a one-on-one environment.
                   that is protected by powerful firewalls and under the supervision of an organization’s IT department. 

3. community cloud: this is the environment in which a group of users or organizations have the access.
4. Hybrid cloud: it is the combination of both private and public cloud hosting th best features of both. privacy and security of private enveronment and cost effectiveness of public cloud.

6. Cloud Computing:
   Cloud Computing refers to manipulating, configuring, and accessing the hardware and software resources remotely. 
   Cloud computing offers platform independency, as the software is not required to be installed locally on the PC
   It offers Aplication, data, middleware,OS, virtualization,servers,storage & networking based on which service model we choose.